New/Updated Icon Glyphs & Tokens (#7727)
elastic/eui: changelogs/upcoming/7727.md

> - Added/updated `clickLeft`, `clickRight`, `clockCounter`, `error`, `errorFilled`, `warningFilled`, `tokenDimension`, `tokenMetricCounter`, and `tokenMetricGauge` icon glyphs and tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the following existing glyphs in `EuiIcon`:
  - `error` (now an outlined version instead of filled) 
  - `tokenMetricCounter`
  - `tokenMetricGauge` 
- Added the following new glyphs to `EuiIcon`:
  - `tokenDimension`
  - `clickLeft`
  - `clickRight`
  - `clockCounter`
  - `errorFilled` (the previous `error` glyph design)
  - `warningFilled`
```
